Updates config.sample and some docker related text (#1185)
owncloud/docs-server: modules/admin_manual/pages/installation/docker/index.adoc

== Quick Evaluation

NOTE: The commands and links provided in the following descriptions are intended to showcase basic docker usage, but we cannot take responsibility for their proper functioning.

> For testing purposes or a quick hands-on to get familiar with the look and feel, ownCloud provides a container using the SQLite database. Note that SQLite is not supported by ownCloud for production purposes. To setup such a testing instance, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For testing purposes or a quick hands-on to get familiar with the look and feel, ownCloud provides a container using the SQLite database. Note that SQLite is not supported by ownCloud for production purposes. To set up such a testing instance, run the following command:
```
